README.md, before:

# Advanced Algorithms, Project 1 - Network Flow and Circulation with Demands Problem #

Demonstrate the solution to the Ford-Fulkerson algorithm using
Breadth-First Search to determine the shortest path between the
source and sink nodes. Using the same algorithm, solve the
Circulation problem.

---

## Building ##
**NOTE**: The google test library is pulled down during the first build automatically. Be sure you are connected to the internet before your first build.

### On Linux ###
In a terminal within the project directory:

```bash
mkdir build # create a build folder in the project directory
cd build # navigate into that build folder
cmake .. # run cmake to generate makefiles
make -j4 # build using 4 concurrent threads (increase the number if desired) 
```

### On Windows ###
**TODO**

---

## Running the Application ##

## On Linux ##
In a terminal within the project `build` directory after a build has been completed:

```bash
cd bin
# find the shortest path between nodes 0 and 16 from a graph given in graph.txt
# by using the breadth-first search (BFS) algorithm. 
./project_one -b graph.txt 0 16

# find the maximum flow of the graph given in graph.txt by
# using the Ford-Fulkerson method
./project_one -f graph.txt

# Determine wether the graph given in graph.txt has circulation
./project_one -c graph.txt

# Get usage information
./project_one -h
```

## On Windows ##
**TODO**

---

## Running Unit Tests ##
The tests for this project are written using the google test framework.
There are a couple ways the run the unit tests for this project.

### On Linux ###
In a terminal within the `build` folder in the project directory after a build has been completed:

#### Option 1: `make test` ####
```bash
make test
```

#### Option 2: `ctest` ####
```bash
ctest # use '-V' option for more information.
```

#### Option 3: Run Test Binaries Individually ####
```bash
cd bin
./*-tests
```

### On Windows ###
**TODO**

Commit message:

Remove references to windows and linux
Assume this will be run on linux. Remove references to windows.

README.md, after:

# Advanced Algorithms, Project 1 - Network Flow and Circulation with Demands Problem #

Demonstrate the solution to the Ford-Fulkerson algorithm using
Breadth-First Search to determine the shortest path between the
source and sink nodes. Using the same algorithm, solve the
Circulation problem.

**NOTE:** All instructions assume this project is being used on a Linux-based system.

---

## Building ##
**NOTE**: The google test library is pulled down during the first build 
automatically. Be sure you are connected to the internet before your first build.

In a terminal within the project directory:

```bash
mkdir build # create a build folder in the project directory
cd build # navigate into that build folder
cmake .. # run cmake to generate makefiles
make -j4 # build using 4 concurrent threads (increase the number if desired) 
```

---

## Running the Application ##

In a terminal within the project `build` directory after a build has been completed:

```bash
cd bin
# find the shortest path between nodes 0 and 16 from a graph given in graph.txt
# by using the breadth-first search (BFS) algorithm. 
./project_one -b graph.txt 0 16

# find the maximum flow of the graph given in graph.txt by
# using the Ford-Fulkerson method
./project_one -f graph.txt

# Determine wether the graph given in graph.txt has circulation
./project_one -c graph.txt

# Get usage information
./project_one -h
```

---

## Running Unit Tests ##
The tests for this project are written using the google test framework.
There are a couple ways the run the unit tests for this project.

In a terminal within the `build` folder in the project directory after a build has been completed:

#### Option 1: `make test` ####
```bash
make test
```

#### Option 2: `ctest` ####
```bash
ctest # use '-V' option for more information.
```

#### Option 3: Run Test Binaries Individually ####
```bash
cd bin
./*-tests
```
